[SEL3-41] Documenting ironic known issue for network device naming (#762)
suse-edge/suse-edge.github.io: asciidoc/components/metal3.adoc

* The upstream https://github.com/metal3-io/ip-address-manager[IP Address Management controller] is currently not supported, because it is not yet compatible with our choice of network configuration tooling.
* Relatedly, the IPAM resources and Metal3DataTemplate networkData fields are not supported.
* Only deployment via redfish-virtualmedia is currently supported.
* It is possible to observe a network device name misalignment between the ironic python agent (IPA) and the target operating system (SL Micro 6.0/6.1), especially when trying to configure predictable names for the devices.

This happens because the kernel of the ironic python agent (IPA) is not currently aligned with the kernel of the target operating system (SL Micro 6.0/6.1), therefore there's a misalignment in the network drivers that allows the IPA to discover network devices in a different naming pattern than SL Micro expects.

> It is recommended to create two different secrets with the network configuration, one to be used with the IPA using the device names as IPA will discover and use it as `preprovisioningNetworkDataName` on the `BareMetalHost` definition and another secret with the device names as SL Micro will discover and use it as `networkData.name` on the `BareMetalHost` definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two different approaches to be used as a workaround in the meantime:
* Create two different secrets with the network configuration, one to be used with the IPA using the device names as IPA will discover and use it as `preprovisioningNetworkDataName` on the `BareMetalHost` definition and another secret with the device names as SL Micro will discover and use it as `networkData.name` on the `BareMetalHost` definition.
* Use the UUIDs to reference other interfaces on the generated nmconnection files instead.

You can see an example in the link:..tips/metal3.adoc[tips and tricks] section.
```

* The upstream https://github.com/metal3-io/ip-address-manager[IP Address Management controller] is currently not supported, because it is not yet compatible with our choice of network configuration tooling.
* Relatedly, the IPAM resources and Metal3DataTemplate networkData fields are not supported.
* Only deployment via redfish-virtualmedia is currently supported.

> * It is possible to observe a network device name missalignment between the ironic python agent (IPA) and the target operating system (SLE Micro 6.0/6.1), especially when trying to configure predictable names for the devices.

Reviewer 2: Personally I think the uuid approach is likely to be fragile, the two-secrets approach with interfaces specified by name or mac seems better to me, although I agree it's not ideal so I'm not opposed to documenting both.

> This happens because the kernel of the ironic python agent (IPA) is not currently aligned with the kernel of the target operating system (SLE Micro 6.0/6.1), therefore there's a misalignment in the network drivers that allows the IPA to discover network devices in a different naming pattern than SLE Micro expects. It is advisable to override this, by using UUIDs as identifiers, by passing the relevant arguments in `networkData` configuration. You can see an example in the [link]tips and tricks section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This happens because the kernel of the ironic python agent (IPA) is not currently aligned with the kernel of the target operating system (SL Micro 6.0/6.1), therefore there's a misalignment in the network drivers that allows the IPA to discover network devices in a different naming pattern than SL Micro expects.
It is recommended to create two different secrets with the network configuration, one to be used with the IPA using the device names as IPA will discover and use it as `preprovisioningNetworkDataName` on the `BareMetalHost` definition and another secret with the device names as SL Micro will discover and use it as `networkData.name` on the `BareMetalHost` definition.
```

Then add something like:

```
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
metadata:
  name: controlplane-0-networkdata-os
type: Opaque
stringData:
  networkData: |
    interfaces:
    - name: enp1s0
      type: ethernet
      state: up
      mac-address: "00:f3:65:8a:a3:b0"
      ipv4:
        address:
        - ip:  192.168.125.200
          prefix-length: 24
        enabled: true
        dhcp: false
    dns-resolver:
      config:
        server:
        - 192.168.125.1
    routes:
      config:
      - destination: 0.0.0.0/0
        next-hop-address: 192.168.125.1
        next-hop-interface: enp1s0
---
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
metadata:
  name: controlplane-0-networkdata-ipa
type: Opaque
stringData:
  networkData: |
    interfaces:
    - name: enp1s0np0
      type: ethernet
      state: up
      mac-address: "00:f3:65:8a:a3:b0"
      ipv4:
        address:
        - ip:  192.168.125.200
          prefix-length: 24
        enabled: true
        dhcp: false
    dns-resolver:
      config:
        server:
        - 192.168.125.1
    routes:
      config:
      - destination: 0.0.0.0/0
        next-hop-address: 192.168.125.1
        next-hop-interface: enp1s0np0
---
apiVersion: metal3.io/v1alpha1
kind: BareMetalHost
metadata:
  name: controlplane-0
  labels:
    cluster-role: control-plane
spec:
  preprovisioningNetworkDataName: controlplane-0-networkdata-ipa
  networkData:
    name: controlplane-0-networkdata-os
...
```
